README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](http://standardjs.com)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/9f1ef3308c8c407284322926f501d537)](https://www.codacy.com/app/js_4/MTC?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC)

# Multiplication Tables Check (MTC) Project

Requires Docker 17.05 or later.

## Docker Compose

There are 2 docker files...

### docker-compose.yml
The default, which runs just SQL Server (main data store) and MongoDB (express session store)
Stand up the database containers with: `docker-compose up`

### docker-compose.test.yml
Runs SQL Server, MongoDB, all web applications, and the pupil and admin test suites as separate containers.
This compose file depends on `docker-compose.yml` and should not be run directly.
To stand up the test, app and db containers run `./run-compose-test-suite.sh`

### run-compose-test-suite.sh
In order to run the test containers to completion, and exit with a non-zero exit code during CI, execute the `run-compose-test-suite.sh` bash script, which will monitor the compose containers for non-zero exit codes (typically generated by the test suites when they fail), tear down all containers and exit appropriately.

Once the full compose stack is up and running, you can browse to....

* http://localhost:3001 (Admin App)
* http://localhost:80 (Pupil App)

The MTC solution consists of the following projects...

- Pupil Check Application (`/pupil-spa/`) Angular SPA
- Check Administration Application (`/admin/`) Express MVC application
- Electron Container for Pupil Check Application (`/electron/`) Electron shell for Pupil Check Application (Obsolete)

See each projects readme for app specifics.

### Building Docker Images

to build an individual docker image, navigate to the relevant app folder and run...

`docker build -t <image name> .`

where `<image-name>` is a friendly name that allows you to easily identify the image. 

[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

Commit message:

update readme for docker admin and pupil files

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](http://standardjs.com)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/9f1ef3308c8c407284322926f501d537)](https://www.codacy.com/app/js_4/MTC?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/DFEAGILEDEVOPS/MTC)

# Multiplication Tables Check (MTC) Project

Requires Docker 17.05 or later.

## Docker Compose

There are 3 docker files...

### docker-compose.yml
The default, which runs just SQL Server (main data store) and MongoDB (express session store)
Stand up the database containers with: `docker-compose up`

### docker-compose.admin-test.yml and docker-compose.admin-test.yml
Runs SQL Server, MongoDB, all web applications, and the pupil and admin test suites as separate containers.
This compose file depends on `docker-compose.yml` and should not be run directly.
To stand up the tests, app and db containers run either `./run-compose-admin-test-suite.sh` or `./run-compose-pupil-test-suite.sh`

### run-compose-admin-test-suite.sh
In order to run the admin test containers to completion, and exit with a non-zero exit code during CI, execute the `run-compose-admin-test-suite.sh` bash script, which will monitor the compose containers for non-zero exit codes (typically generated by the test suites when they fail), tear down all containers and exit appropriately.

### run-compose-pupil-test-suite.sh
In order to run the pupil test containers to completion, and exit with a non-zero exit code during CI, execute the `run-compose-pupil-test-suite.sh` bash script, which will monitor the compose containers for non-zero exit codes (typically generated by the test suites when they fail), tear down all containers and exit appropriately.


Once the full compose stack is up and running, you can browse to....

* http://localhost:3001 (Admin App)
* http://localhost:80 (Pupil App)

The MTC solution consists of the following projects...

- Pupil Check Application (`/pupil-spa/`) Angular SPA
- Check Administration Application (`/admin/`) Express MVC application
- Electron Container for Pupil Check Application (`/electron/`) Electron shell for Pupil Check Application (Obsolete)

See each projects readme for app specifics.

### Building Docker Images

to build an individual docker image, navigate to the relevant app folder and run...

`docker build -t <image name> .`

where `<image-name>` is a friendly name that allows you to easily identify the image. 

[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
