pupil-api/readme.md, before:

# MTC Pupil API

## Dependencies

You need to have node installed

- [node](https://nodejs.org/) - Node javascript runtime
- [NPM packages](https://www.npmjs.org) installed globally (for developers): `yarn`
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-docker) - Docker to run containers

We recommend developers manage their `node` and `npm` packages using [nvm](http://nvm.sh)

## Packages

You _can_ use npm to install application packages, but we prefer [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/)
You can then install all required dependencies by running:

`yarn install`

See the [package.json](./package.json) file for the full list of npm dependencies.

## Running the application

`AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING=xxx AZURE_SERVICE_BUS_CONNECTION_STRING=xxx yarn start`

Will launch the app in development mode on http://localhost:3003/

CORS is disabled in development. In production the whitelist can be configured using the CORS_WHITELIST environment variable.

## Swagger API Documentation

When running in development the api documentation can be found at http://localhost:3003/api-docs

## Environment Variables

dotenv is installed and will load environment variables from a `.env` file stored in the root of the admin application,
if you have created one.  See [documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) for more info.

* AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING - (required when redis prepared checks disable) - Storage account for upload file storage and queues.  Upload is only enabled for
    production environments, but the queues are used by all environments.
* AZURE_SERVICE_BUS_CONNECTION_STRING - (required only when redis prepared checks enabled) - service bus for sending pupil login messages.
* ENVIRONMENT_NAME - string - defaults to `Local-Dev`
* PORT - number - defaults to `3003`
* LOG_LEVEL - string - defaults to `debug`
* EXPRESS_LOGGING_WINSTON - bool - defaults to `false`
* CORS_WHITELIST - string - Can be a comma separated list
* APPINSIGHTS_WINSTON_LOGGER - bool - defaults to `false`
* APPINSIGHTS_INSTRUMENTATIONKEY - string

## Running the test suite

`yarn test`

Commit message:

Feature/59555 Node 18, Typescript 5.1, Pupil API -> tslib (#2566)
* move all files over to tslib from pupil-api.  one build error

* clean up and reorder compiler config

* move to node 18 and TS 5

* jest 28 because 29 messes with jest.fn mocks.  to be addressed in future PR

* node 18

* node upgrade docs - add detail. remove pupil api tsconfig

* update circle CI docker image

* update circle CI to exclude pupil api build.  update node runtime upgrade docs

* implement tslib sync for pupil-api

* fix pupil api dockerfile, remove all local source files

* one final error with axios and tslib integration tests

* regen lock file

* sync code before docker build

* remove obsolete ip lookup from redis cache

* fix tests to give warning instead of throwing error

* remove debug

* switch to mtc circle CI image to get yarn

* init nvm first

* chain them

* forgot yarn install

* auto removal of axios via dependency sync in tslib client apps

* fix tests that are broken by jest 29. seems inconsistent?

* progress with ubuntu 22.04 targeting amd64.

* add comments

* update docs

* regen yarn lock

* roll spa back to node 16 until we can upgrade from angular 14

* update webdriver version

* attempt to pin chrome version to 114

* latest browser tools

---------

Co-authored-by: Mohsen Qureshi <activemq@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Mohsen Qureshi <m-qureshi@hotmail.com>

pupil-api/readme.md, after:

# MTC Pupil API

## Dependencies

You need to have node installed

- [node](https://nodejs.org/) - Node javascript runtime
- [NPM packages](https://www.npmjs.org) installed globally (for developers): `yarn`
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-docker) - Docker to run containers

We recommend developers manage their `node` and `npm` packages using [nvm](http://nvm.sh)

## Packages

You _can_ use npm to install application packages, but we prefer [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/)
You can then install all required dependencies by running:

`yarn install`

See the [package.json](./package.json) file for the full list of npm dependencies.

## Please Note

All code from this application is now contained within the `tslib/pupil-api` folder, as this lowers the overall cost of dependency management.
Running `yarn build` will copy over any `dependencies` from `tslib/package.json` into `pupil-api/package.json`.  All `devDependencies` remain independent.  Once built the transpiled typescript will be in the `pupil-api/dist` folder, ready to run the app.

## Running the application

`AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING=xxx AZURE_SERVICE_BUS_CONNECTION_STRING=xxx yarn start`

Will launch the app in development mode on http://localhost:3003/

CORS is disabled in development. In production the whitelist can be configured using the CORS_WHITELIST environment variable.

## Environment Variables

dotenv is installed and will load environment variables from a `.env` file stored in the root of the admin application,
if you have created one.  See [documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) for more info.

* AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING - (required when redis prepared checks disable) - Storage account for upload file storage and queues.  Upload is only enabled for
    production environments, but the queues are used by all environments.
* AZURE_SERVICE_BUS_CONNECTION_STRING - (required only when redis prepared checks enabled) - service bus for sending pupil login messages.
* ENVIRONMENT_NAME - string - defaults to `Local-Dev`
* PORT - number - defaults to `3003`
* LOG_LEVEL - string - defaults to `debug`
* EXPRESS_LOGGING_WINSTON - bool - defaults to `false`
* CORS_WHITELIST - string - Can be a comma separated list
* APPINSIGHTS_WINSTON_LOGGER - bool - defaults to `false`
* APPINSIGHTS_INSTRUMENTATIONKEY - string

## Running the test suite

`yarn test`
