deploy/build-agent/readme.md, before:

# Dockerized AzureDevops (VSO) Build Agent

## Purpose

- `build-push-docker-hub.sh` Builds the build agent docker image and pushes it to docker hub.  Any changes must be committed before running this script, as the commit hash is used for the image tag.
- `cleanup.sh` Removes any temporary files and 'dead weight' from the image before it is finished building.  You do not need to execute this script, as it is called from within the Dockerfile itself.
- `create-instance.sh` creates a container instance using the latest image in docker hub, via the Azure CLI.

## NOTE: Apple Silicon
If you are building the image locally on an Apple Silicon device during developmet, you should use the `--platform linux/amd64` argument with the `docker build` command.  Otherwise, it will default to arm64, which lacks parity with the target hardware, and causes a lot of incompatibility issues during the image build.

## Steps
1. update the `$AGENT_VERSION` variable in `./Dockerfile` to the [latest full release](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-agent/releases)
2. commit changes to ensure commit hash is aligned
3. execute `./build-push-docker-hub.sh` to push new image
4. delete existing build server container instances in azure
5. run `./create-instance.sh` to create new build servers
6. once created, connect to each container via the azure portal and run `curl 'https://api.ipify.org?format=json'`
7. Add the outputted IP addresses to the necessary firewalls using the build tasks provided in Azure DevOps instance

If you are unable to connect to any of the containers using the azure portal, use the alternative method below to obtain the IP address.

### Alternative method of IP retrieval
1. once new agents are up and running, assign a 'user defined capability' to each one via the build agent management screen in VSO.
2. Add name as `mtc-instance` and number them consecutively, starting at 1.  This allows us to source and whitelist the IP address of each.
3. Source the IPv4 address of each build server using the build definition 'Get Build Server IP Address'

Commit message:

bug/65481 build agent image targets azure container registry (#2922)
* update powershell package url

* put back url

* remove tag when pushing all tags

* add authentication info

* use acr login instead of core docker

deploy/build-agent/readme.md, after:

# Dockerized AzureDevops (VSO) Build Agent

## Purpose

- `build-push-registry.sh` Builds the agent docker image and pushes it to your azure container registry.
- `cleanup.sh` Removes any temporary files and 'dead weight' from the image before it is finished building.  You do not need to execute this script, as it is called from within the Dockerfile itself.
- `create-instance.sh` creates a container instance using the latest image in your registry, via the Azure CLI.

## Prerequisites
- Azure CLI is required, as it used to create the container instance in Azure
- Docker is required, as it is used to push the docker images to the Azure Container Registry
- Docker Desktop is recommended, as it automatically provides a secure credential store for registry credentials.
- Any changes to the Dockerfile must be committed before running this script, as the commit hash is used for the image tag.
- You must be logged into your target registry before you run this script.

## NOTE: Apple Silicon
If you are building the image locally on an Apple Silicon device during developmet, you should use the `--platform linux/amd64` argument with the `docker build` command.  Otherwise, it will default to arm64, which lacks parity with the target hardware, and causes a lot of incompatibility issues during the image build.

## Steps
1. update the `$AGENT_VERSION` variable in `./Dockerfile` to the [latest full release](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-pipelines-agent/releases)
2. commit changes to ensure commit hash is aligned
3. [login to the Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli), ensuring to target the appropriate subscription
4. login to the Azure Container Registry with `az acr login --name <registry-name>`
5. execute `./build-push-registry.sh` to push new image
6. run `./create-instance.sh` to create new build servers
7. delete any outdated build server container instances in azure
8. once created, connect to each container via the azure portal (Container instances -> Containers -> Connect) and run `curl 'https://api.ipify.org?format=json'`
9. Add the outputted IP addresses to the necessary firewalls using the build tasks provided in your Azure DevOps instance

If you are unable to connect to any of the containers using the azure portal, use the alternative method below to obtain the IP address.

### Alternative method of IP retrieval
1. once new agents are up and running, assign a 'user defined capability' to each one via the build agent management screen in VSO.
2. Add name as `mtc-instance` and number them consecutively, starting at 1.  This allows us to source and whitelist the IP address of each.
3. Source the IPv4 address of each build server using the build definition 'Get Build Server IP Address'
