
## Affected areas
sql/views
admin/services
functions


## Check 'not received' status and function
continually administer the check table via a process to mark checks as 'not received'?
OR
infer the 'not received' due to time differences on active checks?

## Pupil login
must send message back to admin to update check table. (this is the 'collected' state)
### Move preparedCheck to redis
this would take care of check expiry, automatically via TTL. making expire-prepared-check obsolete
baseline testing at 200k checks per day, with upper limit of 800k.
200k checks is 4GB per day, 800k is 16GB.
P3 azure redis plan covers 26GB with 30k concurrent client connections, and clustering.
when pupil login redis lookup is successful, we set the TTL to now+30 minutes or 4pm, whichever is sooner.

## pin generation
remove prepare-check queue, write direct to redis from admin app.  less points of failure, teacher instantly knows if it didnt work.

## Check started
remove check started status.
remove function
remove call in SPA that submits to queue, and instead store it in the payload.
we have a server side timestamp for login, so we can ascertain the actual check started time relative to the login time.
this is transient information 'on the day'.

## Expire-prepared-check function
we want to remove this and replace with overnight job that batch purges preparedCheck table.
OR
use redis for pupil logon (see above).

## Check-expiry
get rid of expired status.
completely remove this functionality.
