docs/caching.md, before:

# MTC Caching

all redis objects are stored as JSON objects containing metadata.
example...

``` javascript
{
  _meta: {
    type: object | number | string | array
  },
  value: string
}
```

## Keys

Key format | parameters | Description
--- | --- | ---
`pupilRegisterViewData:${schoolId}` | schoolId | pupil register view dataset by school id
`prepared-check-lookup:${checkCode}` | checkCode| enables look up of key used to store a prepared check entry by check code
`pupil-uuid-lookup:${checkCode}` | checkCode | enables look up of pupil uuid by a check code
`preparedCheck:${schoolPin}:${pupilPin}` | schoolPin, pupilPin | check payload for a pupil
 `checkForms:${checkWindowId}:live:${isLiveCheck}` | checkWindowId, isLiveCheck | returns active check forms for specified check window and form type
 `sasToken:${queueName}` | queueName | returns the active sas token for the specified storage queue
 `lacodes` | (none) | returns the set of LA codes for schools
`result:${schoolId}` | schoolId | returns the school results dataset
`serviceMessage` | (none) | returns the current system wide service message
`settings` | (none) | returns system wide settings

Commit message:

Feature/57474 persist qa code route use in payload (#2599)
* Fix yarn updates existing on master

* update assets version

* Sort AuditEntryType for easier reading

* Store QR code arrival times

* Add test

* [pupil-spa] Reduce test output

* [pupil-spa] store wr code data to local storage on login

* [pupil-spa] reduce test output

* Store subsequent app usage

* Add new event types

* Refactor

* Add LoginSuccess audit

* Modify unit test

* Lint fix

* DB - add new LoginSuccess audit event

* code fix

* Create a better mock-storage class

* wip

* Add ability to set Monotonic Time class to a specific date/time + sequenceNumber

* Add MonotonicTime.comparator function:
 * primary sort on Date
 * secondary sort on sequenceNumber

* Restore QR Code usage state after a reload

* doc update

* doc update

* tech-support - allow QR Codes to be dropped in batch delete

* tech-support - sort batchTokenKeyTypes in alpha order

* Whitespace change to appease the linter

* Remove unused method

* Fix bug

* qr code tests

---------

Co-authored-by: Mohsen Qureshi <activemq@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Mohsen Qureshi <m-qureshi@hotmail.com>

docs/caching.md, after:

# MTC Caching

all redis objects are stored as JSON objects containing metadata.
example...

``` javascript
{
  _meta: {
    type: object | number | string | array
  },
  value: string
}
```

## Keys

Key format | parameters | Description
--- | --- | ---
`pupilRegisterViewData:${schoolId}` | schoolId | pupil register view dataset by school id
`prepared-check-lookup:${checkCode}` | checkCode| enables look up of key used to store a prepared check entry by check code
`pupil-uuid-lookup:${checkCode}` | checkCode | enables look up of pupil uuid by a check code
`preparedCheck:${schoolPin}:${pupilPin}` | schoolPin, pupilPin | check payload for a pupil
 `checkForms:${checkWindowId}:live:${isLiveCheck}` | checkWindowId, isLiveCheck | returns active check forms for specified check window and form type
 `sasToken:${queueName}` | queueName | returns the active sas token for the specified storage queue
 `lacodes` | (none) | returns the set of LA codes for schools
`qrcodeurl:${url}` | URL | The url the QR Code should use to direct users to the Pupil App
`result:${schoolId}` | schoolId | returns the school results dataset
`serviceMessage` | (none) | returns the current system wide service message
`settings` | (none) | returns system wide settings
