docs/node-runtime-upgrade.md, before:

# Upgrading the Node Runtime

This solution is heavily dependent on the Node JS runtime.
We typically upgrade to the most sensible LTS once or twice a year to stay aligned with security patching and general maintenance.

## Files to update

In order to upgrade the node runtime across the solution, you must update multiple files.
The easiest way to do this is use your editor to search for the current version string across all files in the solution.

## Update the build-agent Dockerfile

We install the current and last node versions on the build agent to ensure it can handle transitions to new versions across builds without interruption.  There are 2 variables to update in this file...
- `PREVIOUS_NODE_VERSION`
- `CURRENT_NODE_VERSION`

## Update the circle-CI Dockerfile

The Circle CI base image for pull request testing must be updated to include the least supported version of node, plus current.  Details and instructions [here](!./../../deploy/docker/circleci-node-multi/README.md)

## Upgrade the Azure functions

### Ensure function apps runtime is compatible with Node JS runtime

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-versions?tabs=azure-cli%2Cwindows%2Cin-process%2Cv4&pivots=programming-language-javascript#changing-version-of-apps-in-azure

### Update the release pipeline variables to the new Node JS version and function runtime

within the VSO release library for each environment there are variables that cover the function runtime and node version respectively...

`Functions.Runtime.Version`
`Functions.Node.Version`

Commit message:

Feature/59555 Node 18, Typescript 5.1, Pupil API -> tslib (#2566)
* move all files over to tslib from pupil-api.  one build error

* clean up and reorder compiler config

* move to node 18 and TS 5

* jest 28 because 29 messes with jest.fn mocks.  to be addressed in future PR

* node 18

* node upgrade docs - add detail. remove pupil api tsconfig

* update circle CI docker image

* update circle CI to exclude pupil api build.  update node runtime upgrade docs

* implement tslib sync for pupil-api

* fix pupil api dockerfile, remove all local source files

* one final error with axios and tslib integration tests

* regen lock file

* sync code before docker build

* remove obsolete ip lookup from redis cache

* fix tests to give warning instead of throwing error

* remove debug

* switch to mtc circle CI image to get yarn

* init nvm first

* chain them

* forgot yarn install

* auto removal of axios via dependency sync in tslib client apps

* fix tests that are broken by jest 29. seems inconsistent?

* progress with ubuntu 22.04 targeting amd64.

* add comments

* update docs

* regen yarn lock

* roll spa back to node 16 until we can upgrade from angular 14

* update webdriver version

* attempt to pin chrome version to 114

* latest browser tools

---------

Co-authored-by: Mohsen Qureshi <activemq@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Mohsen Qureshi <m-qureshi@hotmail.com>

docs/node-runtime-upgrade.md, after:

# Upgrading the Node Runtime

This solution is heavily dependent on the Node JS runtime.
We typically upgrade to the most sensible LTS once or twice a year to stay aligned with security patching and general maintenance.

## Files to update

1. In order to upgrade the node runtime across the solution, you must update multiple files across the solution...
- .nvmrc files
- package.json: engines attribute, @types/node package reference in devDependencies
- Dockerfiles
  - App Dockerfiles: source image version
  - Circle CI images: source image version
  - build agent: current and previous node version environment variables

2. Build and push a new Circle CI image as per [our instructions](../deploy/docker/circleci-node-multi/README.md)

3. Construct and deploy new build agents as per [our instructions](../deploy/build-agent/readme.md)

4. Install the new node runtime locally as per [our developer guidance](../docs/developer.md)

## Update the build-agent Dockerfile

We install the current and last node versions on the build agent to ensure it can handle transitions to new versions across builds without interruption.  There are 2 variables to update in this file...
- `PREVIOUS_NODE_VERSION`
- `CURRENT_NODE_VERSION`

## Update the circle-CI Dockerfile

The Circle CI base image for pull request testing must be updated to include the least supported version of node, plus current.  Details and instructions [here](!./../../deploy/docker/circleci-node-multi/README.md)

## Upgrade the Azure functions

### Ensure function apps runtime is compatible with Node JS runtime

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-versions?tabs=azure-cli%2Cwindows%2Cin-process%2Cv4&pivots=programming-language-javascript#changing-version-of-apps-in-azure

### Update the release pipeline variables to the new Node JS version and function runtime

within the VSO release library for each environment there are variables that cover the function runtime and node version respectively...

`Functions.Runtime.Version`
`Functions.Node.Version`
